code-server GA doc updates (#562)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: working-on-data-science-projects.adoc

[role='_abstract']
As a data scientist, you can organize your data science work into a single project. A data science project in {productname-short} can consist of the following components:

> Workbenches:: Creating a workbench allows you to work with models in your preferred IDE, such as a Jupyter notebook. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workbenches:: Creating a workbench allows you to work with models in your preferred IDE, such as JupyterLab.
```

https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ is what we offer. We don't provide https://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ images.
